http://dbpedia.org/property/address -> address
http://dbpedia.org/property/affiliation -> affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/property/affiliations -> affiliations
http://dbpedia.org/property/agencyName -> agency name
http://dbpedia.org/property/album -> Album
http://dbpedia.org/property/allegiance -> allegiance
http://dbpedia.org/property/almaMater -> alma mater
http://dbpedia.org/property/animator -> animator
http://dbpedia.org/property/appointer -> appointer
http://dbpedia.org/property/archipelago -> archipelago
http://dbpedia.org/property/architect -> architect
http://dbpedia.org/property/architecturalStyle -> architectural style
http://dbpedia.org/property/architecture -> architecture
http://dbpedia.org/property/area -> area
http://dbpedia.org/property/arena -> arena
http://dbpedia.org/property/artist -> Artist
http://dbpedia.org/property/assembly -> assembly
http://dbpedia.org/property/associatedActs -> associated acts
http://dbpedia.org/property/athletics -> athletics
http://dbpedia.org/property/author -> author
http://dbpedia.org/property/awards -> awards
http://dbpedia.org/property/battleHonours -> battle honours
http://dbpedia.org/property/battles -> battles
http://dbpedia.org/property/beatifiedBy -> beatified by
http://dbpedia.org/property/billed -> billed
http://dbpedia.org/property/binomialAuthority -> binomial authority
http://dbpedia.org/property/birthDate -> birth date
http://dbpedia.org/property/birthName -> birth name
http://dbpedia.org/property/birthplace -> birthplace
http://dbpedia.org/property/birthPlace -> birth place
http://dbpedia.org/property/bodyDiscovered -> body discovered
http://dbpedia.org/property/border -> border
http://dbpedia.org/property/borough -> borough
http://dbpedia.org/property/branch -> branch
http://dbpedia.org/property/broadcastArea -> broadcast area
http://dbpedia.org/property/builder -> builder
http://dbpedia.org/property/buildingType -> building type
http://dbpedia.org/property/canonizedBy -> canonized by
http://dbpedia.org/property/capital -> Capital
http://dbpedia.org/property/carries -> carries
http://dbpedia.org/property/chairman -> chairman
http://dbpedia.org/property/champion -> champion
http://dbpedia.org/property/chancellor -> chancellor
http://dbpedia.org/property/channel -> channel
http://dbpedia.org/property/characterName -> character name
http://dbpedia.org/property/characters -> characters
http://dbpedia.org/property/children -> children
http://dbpedia.org/property/cinematography -> cinematography
http://dbpedia.org/property/cities -> cities
http://dbpedia.org/property/citizenship -> citizenship
http://dbpedia.org/property/city -> city
http://dbpedia.org/property/cityServed -> city-served
http://dbpedia.org/property/class -> class
http://dbpedia.org/property/club -> club
http://dbpedia.org/property/coach -> coach
http://dbpedia.org/property/college -> college
http://dbpedia.org/property/combatant -> combatant
http://dbpedia.org/property/commander -> commander
http://dbpedia.org/property/commandStructure -> command structure
http://dbpedia.org/property/company -> company
http://dbpedia.org/property/companyType -> company type
http://dbpedia.org/property/composer -> Composer
http://dbpedia.org/property/constituency -> constituency
http://dbpedia.org/property/counties -> counties
http://dbpedia.org/property/country -> country
http://dbpedia.org/property/county -> county
http://dbpedia.org/property/coverArtist -> cover artist
http://dbpedia.org/property/creator -> creator
http://dbpedia.org/property/creators -> creators
http://dbpedia.org/property/crosses -> crosses
http://dbpedia.org/property/currency -> currency
http://dbpedia.org/property/currentclub -> currentclub
http://dbpedia.org/property/currentMembers -> current members
http://dbpedia.org/property/currentteam -> currentteam
http://dbpedia.org/property/currentTeam -> current team
http://dbpedia.org/property/deathCause -> death cause
http://dbpedia.org/property/deathDate -> death date
http://dbpedia.org/property/deathPlace -> death place
http://dbpedia.org/property/debutteam -> debutteam
http://dbpedia.org/property/denomination -> denomination
http://dbpedia.org/property/deputy -> deputy
http://dbpedia.org/property/design -> design
http://dbpedia.org/property/designer -> designer
http://dbpedia.org/property/destinations -> destinations
http://dbpedia.org/property/developer -> developer
http://dbpedia.org/property/director -> director
http://dbpedia.org/property/discipline -> discipline
http://dbpedia.org/property/discoverer -> discoverer
http://dbpedia.org/property/distributor -> distributor
http://dbpedia.org/property/district -> district
http://dbpedia.org/property/divisions -> divisions
http://dbpedia.org/property/doctoralAdvisor -> doctoral advisor
http://dbpedia.org/property/doctoralStudents -> doctoral students
http://dbpedia.org/property/domain -> domain
http://dbpedia.org/property/draftTeam -> draft team
http://dbpedia.org/property/editing -> editing
http://dbpedia.org/property/editor -> editor
http://dbpedia.org/property/education -> education
http://dbpedia.org/property/employer -> employer
http://dbpedia.org/property/engine -> engine
http://dbpedia.org/property/ethnicity -> ethnicity
http://dbpedia.org/property/executiveProducer -> executive producer
http://dbpedia.org/property/family -> family
http://dbpedia.org/property/field -> field
http://dbpedia.org/property/fields -> fields
http://dbpedia.org/property/firstAired -> first aired
http://dbpedia.org/property/firstDriver -> First Driver
http://dbpedia.org/property/firstTeam -> first team
http://dbpedia.org/property/flagbearer -> flagbearer
http://dbpedia.org/property/format -> format
http://dbpedia.org/property/formercoach -> formercoach
http://dbpedia.org/property/foundation -> foundation
http://dbpedia.org/property/founded -> founded
http://dbpedia.org/property/founder -> founder
http://dbpedia.org/property/fromAlbum -> from Album
http://dbpedia.org/property/garrison -> garrison
http://dbpedia.org/property/gender -> gender
http://dbpedia.org/property/genre -> genre
http://dbpedia.org/property/governingBody -> governing body
http://dbpedia.org/property/governmentType -> government type
http://dbpedia.org/property/governor -> Governor
http://dbpedia.org/property/grandsire -> grandsire
http://dbpedia.org/property/ground -> ground
http://dbpedia.org/property/guests -> Guests
http://dbpedia.org/property/hairColor -> hair color
http://dbpedia.org/property/headcoach -> headcoach
http://dbpedia.org/property/headCoach -> head coach
http://dbpedia.org/property/headquarters -> headquarters
http://dbpedia.org/property/highschool -> highschool
http://dbpedia.org/property/highSchool -> high school
http://dbpedia.org/property/homeStadium -> Home Stadium
http://dbpedia.org/property/hometown -> hometown
http://dbpedia.org/property/homeTown -> home town
http://dbpedia.org/property/honours -> honours
http://dbpedia.org/property/hostCity -> Host city
http://dbpedia.org/property/houses -> houses
http://dbpedia.org/property/hubs -> hubs
http://dbpedia.org/property/illustrator -> illustrator
http://dbpedia.org/property/incumbent -> incumbent
http://dbpedia.org/property/industry -> industry
http://dbpedia.org/property/inflow -> inflow
http://dbpedia.org/property/influencedBy -> influenced by
http://dbpedia.org/property/influences -> influences
http://dbpedia.org/property/institution -> institution
http://dbpedia.org/property/instrument -> instrument
http://dbpedia.org/property/instruments -> instruments
http://dbpedia.org/property/international -> international
http://dbpedia.org/property/judges -> judges
http://dbpedia.org/property/junction -> junction
http://dbpedia.org/property/jurisdiction -> jurisdiction
http://dbpedia.org/property/keyPeople -> key people
http://dbpedia.org/property/knownFor -> known for
http://dbpedia.org/property/label -> label
http://dbpedia.org/property/language -> language
http://dbpedia.org/property/languages -> Languages
http://dbpedia.org/property/largestCity -> largest city
http://dbpedia.org/property/last -> last
http://dbpedia.org/property/leader -> leader
http://dbpedia.org/property/leaderName -> leader name
http://dbpedia.org/property/leaderTitle -> leader title
http://dbpedia.org/property/league -> league
http://dbpedia.org/property/licensee -> licensee
http://dbpedia.org/property/license -> license
http://dbpedia.org/property/lieutenant -> lieutenant
http://dbpedia.org/property/line -> line
http://dbpedia.org/property/locationCity -> location city
http://dbpedia.org/property/locationCountry -> location country
http://dbpedia.org/property/location -> location
http://dbpedia.org/property/locations -> locations
http://dbpedia.org/property/locationTown -> location town
http://dbpedia.org/property/lyrics -> lyrics
http://dbpedia.org/property/magazine -> magazine
http://dbpedia.org/property/mainIngredient -> main ingredient
http://dbpedia.org/property/mainInterests -> main interests
http://dbpedia.org/property/majorShrine -> major shrine
http://dbpedia.org/property/managerclubs -> managerclubs
http://dbpedia.org/property/manager -> manager
http://dbpedia.org/property/manufacturer -> manufacturer
http://dbpedia.org/property/mascot -> mascot
http://dbpedia.org/property/material -> material
http://dbpedia.org/property/mayor -> mayor
http://dbpedia.org/property/meaning -> meaning
http://dbpedia.org/property/membership -> membership
http://dbpedia.org/property/mission -> mission
http://dbpedia.org/property/monarch -> monarch
http://dbpedia.org/property/mother -> mother
http://dbpedia.org/property/motto -> Motto
http://dbpedia.org/property/mouthCountry -> mouth country
http://dbpedia.org/property/mouthLocation -> mouth location
http://dbpedia.org/property/movement -> movement
http://dbpedia.org/property/museum -> museum
http://dbpedia.org/property/music -> music
http://dbpedia.org/property/name -> name
http://dbpedia.org/property/narrated -> narrated
http://dbpedia.org/property/narrator -> narrator
http://dbpedia.org/property/nationalAnthem -> national anthem
http://dbpedia.org/property/nationality -> nationality
http://dbpedia.org/property/nationalMotto -> national motto
http://dbpedia.org/property/nationalOrigin -> national origin
http://dbpedia.org/property/nationalteam -> nationalteam
http://dbpedia.org/property/nativeName -> native name
http://dbpedia.org/property/nearestCity -> nearest city
http://dbpedia.org/property/neighboringMunicipalities -> neighboring municipalities
http://dbpedia.org/property/network -> network
http://dbpedia.org/property/nextAlbum -> Next album
http://dbpedia.org/property/nickname -> Nickname
http://dbpedia.org/property/notableCommanders -> notable commanders
http://dbpedia.org/property/notableInstruments -> notable instruments
http://dbpedia.org/property/notableworks -> notableworks
http://dbpedia.org/property/occupation -> occupation
http://dbpedia.org/property/office -> office
http://dbpedia.org/property/officialName -> official name
http://dbpedia.org/property/opentheme -> opentheme
http://dbpedia.org/property/operatingSystem -> operating system
http://dbpedia.org/property/operator -> operator
http://dbpedia.org/property/opponent -> opponent
http://dbpedia.org/property/order -> order
http://dbpedia.org/property/origin -> origin
http://dbpedia.org/property/os -> os
http://dbpedia.org/property/other -> Other
http://dbpedia.org/property/outflow -> outflow
http://dbpedia.org/property/owned -> owned
http://dbpedia.org/property/owner -> owner
http://dbpedia.org/property/owners -> owners
http://dbpedia.org/property/parentCompany -> parent company
http://dbpedia.org/property/parent -> parent
http://dbpedia.org/property/parliament -> parliament
http://dbpedia.org/property/partner -> partner
http://dbpedia.org/property/party -> party
http://dbpedia.org/property/pastMembers -> past members
http://dbpedia.org/property/pastteams -> pastteams
http://dbpedia.org/property/phylum -> phylum
http://dbpedia.org/property/placeOfBirth -> place of birth
http://dbpedia.org/property/placeofburial -> placeofburial
http://dbpedia.org/property/placeOfBurial -> place of burial
http://dbpedia.org/property/placeOfDeath -> place of death
http://dbpedia.org/property/place -> place
http://dbpedia.org/property/playedFor -> played for
http://dbpedia.org/property/poleDriver -> Pole driver
http://dbpedia.org/property/portrayer -> portrayer
http://dbpedia.org/property/position -> position
http://dbpedia.org/property/predecessor -> predecessor
http://dbpedia.org/property/presenter -> presenter
http://dbpedia.org/property/president -> President
http://dbpedia.org/property/primeminister -> primeminister
http://dbpedia.org/property/prizes -> prizes
http://dbpedia.org/property/producer -> producer
http://dbpedia.org/property/products -> products
http://dbpedia.org/property/programmingLanguage -> programming language
http://dbpedia.org/property/prospectTeam -> prospect team
http://dbpedia.org/property/province -> province
http://dbpedia.org/property/publisher -> publisher
http://dbpedia.org/property/purpose -> purpose
http://dbpedia.org/property/race -> race
http://dbpedia.org/property/rank -> rank
http://dbpedia.org/property/recorded -> Recorded
http://dbpedia.org/property/region -> region
http://dbpedia.org/property/related -> related
http://dbpedia.org/property/relatives -> relatives
http://dbpedia.org/property/released -> released
http://dbpedia.org/property/religion -> religion
http://dbpedia.org/property/religiousAffiliation -> religious affiliation
http://dbpedia.org/property/residence -> residence
http://dbpedia.org/property/restingplace -> restingplace
http://dbpedia.org/property/restingPlace -> resting place
http://dbpedia.org/property/result -> result
http://dbpedia.org/property/rival -> rival
http://dbpedia.org/property/river -> river
http://dbpedia.org/property/role -> role
http://dbpedia.org/property/school -> school
http://dbpedia.org/property/schooltype -> schooltype
http://dbpedia.org/property/screenplay -> screenplay
http://dbpedia.org/property/series -> series
http://dbpedia.org/property/services -> services
http://dbpedia.org/property/settlementType -> settlement type
http://dbpedia.org/property/shipBuilder -> Ship builder
http://dbpedia.org/property/showName -> show name
http://dbpedia.org/property/sire -> sire
http://dbpedia.org/property/sisterNames -> sister names
http://dbpedia.org/property/sisterStations -> sister stations
http://dbpedia.org/property/sourceCountry -> source country
http://dbpedia.org/property/sourceLocation -> source location
http://dbpedia.org/property/sourceRegion -> source region
http://dbpedia.org/property/species -> species
http://dbpedia.org/property/spouse -> spouse
http://dbpedia.org/property/stadium -> stadium
http://dbpedia.org/property/starring -> starring
http://dbpedia.org/property/state -> state
http://dbpedia.org/property/style -> style
http://dbpedia.org/property/stylisticOrigins -> stylistic origins
http://dbpedia.org/property/subject -> subject
http://dbpedia.org/property/succeeded -> succeeded
http://dbpedia.org/property/successor -> successor
http://dbpedia.org/property/superintendent -> superintendent
http://dbpedia.org/property/system -> system
http://dbpedia.org/property/teamName -> Team Name 
http://dbpedia.org/property/team -> Team
http://dbpedia.org/property/tenants -> tenants
http://dbpedia.org/property/themeMusicComposer -> theme music composer
http://dbpedia.org/property/titles -> titles
http://dbpedia.org/property/title -> title
http://dbpedia.org/property/trainer -> trainer
http://dbpedia.org/property/training -> training
http://dbpedia.org/property/type -> type
http://dbpedia.org/property/university -> university
http://dbpedia.org/property/veneratedIn -> venerated in
http://dbpedia.org/property/venue -> venue
http://dbpedia.org/property/voices -> voices
http://dbpedia.org/property/workInstitutions -> work institutions
http://dbpedia.org/property/writers -> writers
http://dbpedia.org/property/writer -> writer
http://dbpedia.org/property/youthclubs -> youthclubs
http://dbpedia.org/resource/AN/FSQ-7_Combat_Direction_Central -> AN/FSQ-7 Combat Direction Central
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Boeing_F/A-18E/F_Super_Hornet -> Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_AN/FSG-1_Antiaircraft_Defense_System -> Martin AN/FSG-1 Antiaircraft Defense System
http://dbpedia.org/resource/Martin_AN/GSG-5_Battery_Integration_and_Radar_Display_Equipment -> Martin AN/GSG-5 Battery Integration and Radar Display Equipment
